
3. Different types of exceptions you come across while doing the automation.
4.There is one login page and you have to test different combinations of username and password stored in Excel file.
 Write a code for it. This is data-driven testing using parameterized concept.
5. What is the difference between assert and verify in test automation?
6. What is the difference between a test case and a test scenario?
7. What is the difference between a bug and a defect in software testing?
8. What is the difference between regression testing and retesting?
9. What is the difference between functional testing and non-functional testing?
10. What is the difference between black box testing and white box testing?
11. What is shadow DOM? Why it is used most? why elements are placed inside it?
12. There is a client who wants to test and automate single-page application. He doesn't want to follow
page object model because it will not be useful. So what approach will you take? What are the parameters
you will consider before automating the application?
13. With respect to the above question, before going for the framework, as an automation lead,
what will be your approach?
14. fixtures in pytest, what are they and how do you use them? Different scope levels of fixtures and their importance.
15. Difference between method overloading and method overriding.
16. Difference between inheritance and super keyword: If inheritance does the same thing, then why super keyword is needed?
17. What is constructor? What is use of init method? Explain it in detail.
18. Open Expedia.com site. Click on stays. What are the test scenarios and test cases here? What is non-functional testing here?
19. What are your strengths and weaknesses?
20. When the application goes into the production, how will you monitor whether it's working fine?
21. Different Agile ceremonies and their importance.
22. Difference between mongoDB and MySQL.
23. What is the difference between a NoSQL database and a relational database?
24. Explain ur current project and your role in it.? which domain it is?
25. Aws services you have worked on
26. Basic Linux commands you know.
27. How you take care of new requirements, their scope in project, testing, etc.?
28. difference btn threads and processes
29. How you perform cross-browser testing?
30. What is the location of conftest.py file?
31. How you perform parallel test execution?
32. What is pytest.ini file? How we import markers from this file into test suite?
33. How you are running your tests in Jenkins? How you are doing the integration part?
34. Which exceptions did you get when running the automation?
35. requirement traceability matrix, what is it and how do you create it?
36. Write a simple program to read data from Excel file, like username and password, put it in login page,
and take screenshot if it fails.
37. Write a program to find duplicates in a list.
38. Difference between put and get method
39. difference between smoke, sanity and regression testing
40. explain defect life cycle
41. explain concept of parameterization in test automation
42. different http error codes with methods
43. Infosys interview was mostly focused as a team lead. Figure out some questions as a team lead.
44. Can dictionary be used as a key for another dictionary? Show with program if possible.
45. Exercise creating XPaths for different elements.
46. Learn backend automation as well along with front-end.
47. What is performance testing? Which tools are used for it?
48. What is API testing? How you did it with the help of database?
49. Have you done mobile application testing?
50. Any updates on database testing?
51. Suggestion from interviewer---> Don't be limited to UI testing only, explore mobile database API testing as well.
52. How did you do the negative testing?
53. Difference between staging and production environment.
54. If you encounter a defect in staging just one day before the build goes to production, what will be your stand on it?
55. Write a Selenium code for valid and invalid username and password.
56. Write a Selenium code to count number of radio buttons on a page.
57. Different HTTP methods in API testing.
58. Folder structure in your framework.
59. Which keywords used for inheritance ? How did you implement inheritance?
60. Different Waits in Selenium
61. Different Agile ceremonies.
62. You said you are managing a team of three people, so which kind of suggestions you were giving to your team
members? Did you do any code review?
63. Which Python concepts you used in automation?
===================below are wipro interview questions===================
1. BDD framework using python
2. find max number without using max function a = [120, 350, 450.1250, 90, 5]
3. So the question is if we want to execute single scenario multiple times in BDD Cucumber, then what should we do?

5. difference between 401, 402, and 403 status codes.
6. Difference between POST, PUT, and PATCH methods.
7. Git code is there on the remote branch and I need to pull it in my local. So which first command I will fire in my local?




